= Blog

Blog is a Rails Engine that adds a simple blogging engine onto an existing Rails App.
It is for anyone who has an existing Rails app that they use for their primary website or
web application and would like to add a blog without deploying a separate blogging application,
or building one from scratch. I built Blog to add a blog to my own personal site, which I
had already built.  It is perfect for personal blogging, if you don't need a full-featured
blogging or cms application.

== Getting Started

 First, add the
following line to your `Gemfile`:

    gem 'blog'

...and run:

    bundle install
    rails generate blog:install
    rake db:migrate

== Requirements

* Ruby 1.9.2+
* Rails 3.1+

== Bugs and Feature Requests

* Bug Reports & Feature Requests: Please use to the [Issues page](https://github.com/rahmal/mini_blog/issues)
* Want to Contribute? Send a Pull Request

== Known Issues

* None

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Rahmal Conda <rahmal@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

